---
title: Welcome to The Nightshade Notebook!
description: Just a bit about my blog!
date: 2025-06-09
---
Hi, I'm Bridgette! I'm a homeschooled goth/emo teen girl, and The Nightshade Notebook is my new blog! Here I'm going to talk about loads of stuff including music, style/clothes/makeup, my writing, and many other things! I am also in an all girl emo rock/pop punk band called 'Don't Anger The Werewolf', DATW for short. I'm the guitarist and vocals and one of my best friends plays bass. We are in the mids of trying to find a drummer and maybe even a second guitarist. We are sorta like if you took Avril Lavigne and Paramore and mixed them. I mean, we have our own style of writing and playing, but that is the best description I can give, without playing out music for you, which I anticipate doing in the future. We're in the middle of writing an EP, well we've written out the lyrics for the four songs that are going to be on it, but we're working on the music behind it. I also write not only songs, but also poetry and I'm working on a YA novel too! It's set during the Salem Witch Trials, which I have always been fascinated with. Anyway I will be definitely making future posts about all that! Okay, on to the next thing, Why I started The Nightshade Notebook. Well, I thought it would be cool to have my own blog, being able to post things out to the world and putting myself out there without having to have Tik Tok or whatever. Also, so I could spread word of DATW and maybe even find the missing pieces to our band. And, to be honest, I also started this partially for things like college and job applications. I may still be in middle school, but I like to think ahead and I really want to be a journalist, so I was thinking about college scholarships for journalism, or reporter job interviews. Now why I chose the name The Nightshade Notebook. One, the two N's in nightshade and notebook just fit perfectly. Two, the notebook part makes it sound like a real newspaper. And nightshade because it kinda gives off a gothic vibe, right? Oh, and another reason is because my best friend/DATW's bassist and I were jokingly talking about having stage names like the Spice Girls. And well, we made them and loved them, so we decided we were gonna keep them. Hers is Lunessa, pronounced Loon-es-uh, like luna which means moon! And mine is Belladonna, like the nightshade plant also known as the deadly nightshade. And naming my blog after my fake identity or vice versa still sounds pretty killer. When I'm not playing guitar or writing story drafts I do a lot of crafts and DIYs. Actually I'm in the middle of DIYing a gothic  lampshade for a lamp I got from a yard sale, and in the mids of trying to get my parents OK for redoing my room more to my style. So I'll definitely have future posts about that! I am actually a huge bookworm so there will be posts about books, it's unavoidable. My favorite genres include fantasy, historical fiction, and murder mysteries. My favorite series is Harry Potter, and my favorite book in that series is The Prisoner of Azkaban. Anyway that's a bit about me, my blog, and what you should expect here on The Nightshade Notebook! I'm still learning how to create and run a blogging website, so posts may not be daily or even weekly. Through magic and chaos, I give you The Nightshade Notebook. Enjoy the journey!
 With eyeliner smudges and stardust,
 Bridgette/ Belladonna
